static-ct-api: clarify how pre_certificate maps to RFC6962 (#105)
C2SP/C2SP: static-ct-api.md

“timestamped_entry” is the `TimestampedEntry` sub-structure of a
`MerkleTreeLeaf` according to RFC 6962, Section 3.4.

“pre_certificate” is the Precertificate submitted for auditing, corresponding

> to the `pre_certificate` specified in RFC 6962, Section 3.1. It is not the same
> as the PreCert in `timestamped_entry`, which is a TBS certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the `pre_certificate` specified in RFC 6962, Section 3.1. It is not the same
as `timestamped_entry.signed_entry`, which is a PreCert containing a TBSCertificate.
```

Reviewer: Minor nit: the timestamped_entry.signed_entry PreCert is issuer hash plus TBSCertificate.
